{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2759
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1000\margr1000\margb1000\margt1000\vieww35800\viewh22520\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sb500\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs44 \cf0 NCEA Internal Assessment Activity
\f1\b0 \

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Activity name: Quiz program - Student Activity\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Subject: Digital Technologies\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Achievement Standard: 1.1 Create a computer program\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Credits: 5\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Assessment Activity Version: 3\cell \lastrow\row

\itap1\trowd \taflags1 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx4320
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw1\brdrcf0 \clpadl100 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\li100\ri100\sb100\sa100\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Code: 1.1 Activity B\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
You will be creating a quiz about a performer, movie, or television show from Aotearoa New Zealand or the Pacific region to share with your classmates.\
Pacific nations have produced many well-known artists, movies, and television shows. You and your classmates will know of a range of movies or shows that are either produced locally or about local themes or characters. You will write some interesting questions to include in your quizbased on your knowledge of your topic.\
Using your questions, write a program that presents a quiz that could be used by your classmates to test or extend their knowledge of the topic you have chosen. The program should ask the user a series of questions and give them appropriate feedback to help them learn details on that topic.\
You will need to test your program carefully to make sure it works well and presents information accurately. You should store all the questions and answers so that it\'92s easy to add new questions about the topic. The questions could be presented in a particular order or chosen randomly from the list you have created.\
The program should:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0  ask a minimum of five questions\
 keep and display a score \'97 this may simply be the number or percentage of questions answered correctly or you may choose to create a \'91points\'92 system\
 tell the user after the quiz is complete if they have passed (by answering at least half of the questions correctly).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 You should also consider the types of question your quiz asks and the implications of this decision. For example, you may create a multi-choice quiz (in which case you should ensure you only accept valid responses) or you may ask for text responses (which will mean you should consider things like case and white-space).\
You will need to check that your program can:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0  store at least two types of data in variables\
 take input and produce output\
 use conditionals (such as 
\f0\b if 
\f1\b0 and 
\f0\b else
\f1\b0 ) and loops\
 use data stored in a collection (such as a list or array).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 You will need to show your quiz is ready to be used by producing evidence that you\'92ve tested and debugged it to ensure it works, that it is accurate for the topic you have chosen, and that it is as robust as possible. For each test, this evidence should outline inputs or test cases, what type of test it is, and any changes you made to your program as a result of that test.\
You could present your testing in a number of ways. Here are two examples:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0  An organised test table, with rows for each test showing the test case, the result of the test, and changes made to the program based on testing.\
 A video walk-through of the quiz where you describe the test conditions that you considered, demonstrating what happens when you encounter those conditions, and how you addressed them during development.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Tests should address expected, boundary, and invalid cases. The program should be tested carefully to make sure it works even if the user types input in the wrong format.\
Your program also needs to be easy for another programmer to follow, including having appropriate comments and variable names.\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb500\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 How to present your learning
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 For this task, you will need to present the following:\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0  a copy of your program, including comments\
 evidence of testing and debugging (no more than five A4 pages or 3 minutes of video with commentary).\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb500\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Timeframe
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 You have 4 weeks to develop, test, and improve your program.\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb500\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Getting started
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 First, you will need to choose a performer, movie, or show that is relevant to you and collect information about it.\
Is there a local artist or band you feel your classmates could learn more about? Do you have a favourite movie that was made in Aotearoa New Zealand or by one of our Pacific neighbours? Local actors and directors are becoming well-known for their roles in blockbuster movies. Can you find out some interesting facts about a person in the movie industry? Many movies and television shows have been set in Aotearoa New Zealand or the Pacific region. Can you create an interesting list of questions about one of these? Or is there a resource you could use to get ideas for questions?\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb500\sa500\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 Student resources
\f1\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 If you are unsure what a quiz could look like, see the student resource example (of the input and output) of a suitable program that meets this task. The input is shown with a grey background.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf0  [ File Resource ] \uc0\u8232 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\sl276\slmult1\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf0  Title: DT 1.1B Student Resource\
 Description: Output Example\
 File URL: https://ncea-live-3-storagestack-53q-assetstorages3bucket-2o21xte0r81u.s3.amazonaws.com/s3fs-public/2023-10/Quiz%20option.jpg?VersionId=bxIlYY_VSC8FKK_sOVwOvrhOrtUObHnx\
 File Extension: jpg\
 File Size: 64KB\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sb70\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\
}